- 第一题
	- 题目
		- An increasing number of people are changing careers during working life. What do you think are the reasons? Do you think it is a positive or negative development for society？
	- 范文
		-   In the past, many people used to stay in the same job for their lifetime.
			- Today, however, job hopping has become the new normal, which, from my point of view, is due to a combination of reasons and seems to have significant negative effects on society.
		-   One main reason for more people changing careers is the increase in their job choices. With the development of economy and technology, there are a great number of new occupations which are believed to be more appealing in creativity or flexibility. In China, for example, an increasing number of white-collars with repetitive daily routines have switched from working in the office to starting their own businesses on the internet.
		-   Another cause of career move is the continuously rising living cost in most countries around the world. As the price for almost everything has been soaring, there is enormous financial pressure imposed on adults who want to provide their families with high quality of life, which drives them to seek better paying jobs. One of the most effective ways to achieve their financial ambition is believed to hop from one company to another.
		-   Although it may be rewarding for the individual to change jobs, there will be several undesirable outcomes for society. Firstly, as more people consider switching their careers, there is likely to be a waste of money and time spent on the training of new employees, which as a result will negatively affect the profitability and productivity of companies. In addition, job hopping may also cause a burden to the government, because people between jobs may be dependent on the financial assistance provided by public funds, which will lead to insufficient investment in more important services, such as education and health care.
		-   试着自己写个结尾段