


- 雅思口语考试PART2答案非串题版本
	- （适用于2021.5-2021.8考试）
- 【使用前必读】
	- 本答案的题库基于雅思哥app（app中标有5-8月的题）及其他权威机构的题库，并进行调整，更加权威。注意：本答案仅供考生开拓思路或者在这基础上进行修改，切不可死记硬背，因为要不然即使是背自己一个字一个字敲出来的素材也很痛苦。这个非串题版的主要作用是：若您想发现串题版中的答案有个别不喜欢时，可在这个版本找替换。有人喜欢用串题版，有的喜欢用非串题版。我们的建议是复习时以串题版为主，非串题版作为替换答案库。另外，考试不考察内容的真实性，而是考察表达和发音，所以不用为素材是否是自己的真实经历而纠结。
- 【严肃声明】
	- 本答案是由店主的美国Top 30名校的学霸朋友Steven （土生土长的美国白人）撰写，店主帮忙编辑，非常地道口语化；Steven还是个中国通，曾经在深圳待过1年，特别应店主要求加入一些中国元素：地名之类，帮助大家备考，地址： 。本材料已向版权局申请版权，版权归淘宝店（欧美雅思口语）所有，保护版权，人人有责。祝大家屠鸭成功！拿到理想学校的offer！
目录
人物
PEOPLE.
奇装异服的人
感兴趣的名人
礼貌的人
尊敬的年长的人/尊敬的老人（NEW）
喜欢的歌手或演员（NEW）
地点PLACE.
拜访过不想住的家
喜欢的城区，
安静的地方（NEW）
高楼（NEW）
想生活的城市（NEW）
事情 EXPERIENCE/事物 OBJECT.
电脑罢工
第一次吃的食物.
给别人建议。
不喜欢的短途旅行，
野生动物
许下的承诺
告诉朋友实情
发挥想象力.
改变看法.
有趣的谈话
喜欢的天气。
童年喜欢的玩具.
对家庭重要的东西，
买到开心的东西
完美的工作
现场体育比赛
教别人的技能
无聊的经历.
排长长的队
发挥想象力.
鼓励别人做不愿做的事，
禁用手机的场合（NEW）
智力游戏（NEW）
环保法律（NEW）
当地新闻（NEW）
想提升的天赋（NEW）
微笑的场合（NEW）
生活计划（NEW）
健康文章（NEW）
朋友的争执（NEW）
分享（NEW）
海边活动（NEW）
帮助朋友（NEW）
雇佣很多员工的公司（NEW）
喜欢的电影（NEW）
做手工（NEW）
社交媒体趣事（NEW）
不太成功的经历（NEW）
街市购物（NEW）




# 人物 PEOPLE

奇装异服的人
```
Describe a person who you think wears unusual clothes
You should say:
	Who this person is
	How you knew this person
	What his/her clothes are like
```

My family is full of eccentric people. However, my uncle is the one that stands out the most. I have known him all my life and he is not afraid to stand out from the crowd. In fact, it is his clothes that usually make him stand out first. They are unusual to say the least, but I couldn't imagine him any other way.
My uncle has a wardrobe full of colorful clothes. You can find every color in the rainbow there. However, it is not the color that make what he wears unusual, it is how he matches them. He likes to pair up different patterns and bright colors that clearly don't match. On top of that he has a collection of hats to suit every occasion. There are tall ones and short ones and ones that are out of this world.
I think that his clothes are unusual as I have never seen anyone wear them before. He certainly never blends in when we are out. He also doesn't follow fashion and matches his clothes up on a whim. However, saying that, his unusual clothes suit his personality down to the ground. You would not find any of his hats in the shops as he buys them from all over the world. To sum up, his clothes and personality are not just unusual but unique.


感兴趣的名人

```
Describe a famous person you are interested in
You should say:
Who he /she is
How you knew about him/her
What he/she was like before he/she became famous
And explain why you are interested in him/her
```

There are famous people all over the world. Some are famous for their jobs while other are born into famous families. I grew up hearing about the Royal family and the newspapers are full of stories about them. However, over a decade ago, a woman called Kate Middleton made headlines when she started dating Prince William.
Before Kate became famous, she was a simple university student. She had a normal life and planned on working in the Art industry. However, she fell in love with a prince and she was pushed into the spotlight. A few years


later she married Prince William and her life was changed forever. Everywhere she goes there is a camera ready to take a photo and everything she says or does is under a microscope. Despite the pressure, she works tirelessly for charities and sets a good example for the royal family.
Before Kate joined the Royal family, it was frowned upon for a Prince to marry a commoner. I love how she broke down barriers and has changed the opinion of many people around the world. I admire how she uses her position in the spotlight to bring light to important issues and charities. All in all, she was thrown into a position and I think that she has worked hard to use her fame for good.
礼貌的人
Describe a polite person you know
You should say:
Who he /she is / What he/she is like
How you knew him/her
And explain why you think he/she is polite
And explain how you felt about it
I am lucky to be surrounded by many friends and family. However, there is one person that stands out as the politest. My cousin, Julie, is a few years older than me and someone I look up to. She never has a bad word to say about anyone and always uses good manners everywhere she goes.
As there are not many years between us, my cousin and I grew up together. We went to the same primary school and spent the night at each other's houses at the weekend. In fact, before we went to different high schools, we were inseparable. After university we reconnected and she hadn't changed a bit. She is still the same good- natured polite person she always was. It is also something that most people comment on too when they first meet her and what she is known for in our own family circle.
I always feel proud when we are out together. She speaks to everyone like they are her best friend. She uses people's first names and always remembers to say please and thank you. Even when things are not going her way, she stays as cool as a cucumber. I don't remember her ever raising her voice or interrupting someone to get her point across. All in all, Julie minds her p's and q's and is the politest person I know.
尊敬的年长的人/尊敬的老人(new)


Describe someone who is older than you that you admire
You should say:
Who this person is
How you knew this person
What kinds of things you like to do together
And explain how you feel about this person
There are many people in my life that I admire. However, the one person that I admire the most is my grandmother. She used to take care of me when I was growing up and we have a very close relationship. I've listened to her stories over the years and my respect and admiration have grown.
My grandmother is a very strong woman. She comes from a large family and has a large family herself. She used to look after my cousins and me after school, so we spent a lot of time together. Now that I am older, I still like to make time for her. I often go to her home and take her out for lunch. We usually go shopping together too. She's getting older now, so we've had to cut the trips short but I still love to see her.
My grandmother is the head of the family. She's the one who gets us all together and sorts out any problems. I love that she's strong-willed and she tells it like it is. In my opinion, she's very influential and if she lived in a different time, I see her as the CEO of her own company. In brief, I love spending time with my grandmother because I admire her and we have a strong bond.
喜欢的歌手或演员(new)
Describe your favorite singer or actor
You should say:
Who he /she is
What his/her personality is like
What kind of style his/her music acting belongs to
And explain why he/she is your favorite
When I was growing up, I loved listening to music night and day. One of the artists that I listened to was Michael Bublé. He's famous for his laid-back style and he even had a TV show where people came to sing with him every week. He was the perfect person to host the show as he's both entertaining and witty.
He's not your usual, ordinary singer. While many people listen to pop music, Bublé's music is influenced by jazz. He took popular songs that we know and love and sang them in his own style. A lot of the time, his songs were better than the originals. Further, into his career, he started to write his music and also kept it the same style.
I think I loved his music because of the sound of his voice. It was also great that I already knew the songs he was singing. However, even his songs were catchy and you could learn the lyrics quickly. To summarize, I love the music and songs that Michael Bublé sings as he has a great voice and his music makes me smile.IELTS)淘宝店:欧美雅思口语


地点PLACE
拜访过不想住的家
Describe a home that you visited but did not want to live in
You should say:
Where it is
What it is like
Why you visited it
And explain why you would not like to live there
A lot of people dream of rags to riches life so that they can purchase a luxury villa. However, after I attended a handful of open houses in Shanghai, I realized that mansions aren't all they're cracked up to be. In my opinion, they're way too big and more trouble than they' re worth. I can't see myself living in one of those.
A few months ago, I toured a luxury villa in Shanghai for kicks and giggles. I had no intention of buying one, but I went to see what all the fuss was about. It was located in a richer area of the city, so it was one of several properties that cost an arm and a leg. I will admit that the interior was a sight for sore eyes, and the views of the landscape were to die for, but I didn't think it was worth the price tag.
Personally, I think all of that space is unnecessary. Not only would I have to spend a fortune on the villa, but I'd also have to shell out a pretty penny for furniture and decorating. On top of that, I'd most likely have to hire a cleaning service because there's no way I can clean that place from top to bottom on my own. It would be a better fit for someone who's got money to burn and a family to provide for.
喜欢的城区
Describe a part of a city or town you enjoy spending time in
You should say:
Where it is
What it is like
What you do there
And explain why you enjoy spending time there
Sometimes, life gets to be a bit too much for me and I need to take a breather. When this happens, I usually walk to the park near my home. This is one of the best parts in the city for me to relax until I have settled my mind.
This park isn't anything out of the ordinary. In fact, it is just a community park that I stumbled upon one day while I was taking a walk. From the moment I saw it though, I felt much better. It had lots of foliage including beautiful flowers that smelled incredible. There is also a very old tree there that provides the community with lots of shade. It sits next to a pond that has lots of lotus flowers in the spring and it creates a very soothing sound.
Usually, when I go to this park, I simply sit beneath the tree and enjoy the sounds of Mother Nature. This helps


me to ground myself so that I am able to reduce the stress I am feeling. After a couple of minutes, I usually feel a lot more relaxed. Every now and then, I like to sit under the tree and catch up on my reading. Sometimes, I would even bring a friend with me and we would sit by the pond and chat with our toes in the water.
安静的地方(new)
Describe a quiet place you like to spend your time in
You should say:
Where it is
How you knew it
How often you go there
What you do there
And explain why you like the place
My family moved to the countryside a few years ago. I've always lived in the city so it was a big change for me. My grandparents live in the countryside so the area was not completely unfamiliar to me. Not long after we moved, I started taking daily walks along the beach. It is very quiet there and there are not many people around.
I usually walk in the afternoon. First, I walk around the block and then I take the long route to the end of the beach. I like walking along the beach. Sometimes I'll sit down on a bench and listen to the sound of the waves and watch the seagulls flying around. Usually, I see a few people out walking their dogs but generally, it's a very quiet and peaceful place to go.
Sitting beside the sea makes me feel very calm. Especially, if I've had a particularly stressful day. The sound of the waves puts my mind at ease and I immediately feel better. All I need to do is take a few deep breaths and stay there for a while and my day becomes more positive. In short, I love walking on the beach near my new home as it's a quiet place to go and puts me at peace.
高楼(new)
Describe a tall building in your city you like or dislike
You should say:
Where it is
What it's used for
What it looks like
And explain why you like or dislike it
Cities all over the world are crowded with tall buildings and the city I live in is no different. The buildings are made of different materials and each year they become more unique. There's one building in the city that always attracts my attention. It's a hotel and it was built a few years ago. It is the Titanic Building and it is built beside the River Lagan and it is one of the first buildings you see as you cross the bridge.
The Titanic Building is around thirty-eight meters high. In fact, it's the exact height as the ship itself was. However, it's not its height that draws you to it. It has four pointed shards that are made of aluminum. When


the light hits them they light up. The middle of the building is made completely of glass so that guests can experience some of the best views in the city.
I love the building as it's so modern. Yet, it still has many connections to history. It was the first of its kind in the city. After that, more modern buildings and statues were added and it has brought the city to life. In brief, IHlove the Titanic Building in Belfast because it's so beautiful and has sparked new designs for buildings in the city. 想生活的城市(new)
Describe a town or city where you would like to live in the future
You should say:
Where it is
How you knew it
What it is famous for
And why you would like to live there
When I was a child, I grew up in the city. While it's a great place to live, there are a few drawbacks. I've always wanted to live in the mountains and near the sea. A while ago, I visited a small town in Turkey called Olympos. It's on the side of a mountain and it's very close to the sea. I fell in love with it and I'd love to live there in the future.
The town is famous for its crystal clear waters and breathtaking views. There are many small hotels in the area and tourists flock there from all over the country every summer. The houses in the area are mostly nestled in the forest and it feels like you are living in a very isolated area. However, there are plenty of people that live there all year round and everyone is very friendly.
I'd love to live there because it's so peaceful. Many of the homes are only a short walk to the sea. In the summer, it's hot during the day, but the evenings are cool. During the winter it's not very cold, so you could live there comfortably all year round. In short, after visiting Olympos I'd love to move there in the future because the area is so peaceful and the weather is always nice.
事情 EXPERIENCE/事物 OBJECT
电脑罢工IELTS)淘宝店:欧美雅思口语
https:// shop62236629.taobao.com

Describe a time when your computer broke down
You should say:
When it was
What you were doing
What you did about it
And how you felt about it
Last year, I accidentally dropped my laptop in a swimming pool while I was taking a load off. When I realized what had happened, I nearly had a fit. The phone was brand new and had cost me an arm and a leg, so I found myself out of luck. I tried to have it fixed, but it was no use.
That day, I had gone swimming at a pool that was just a stone's throw from where I lived. I didn't originally plan to bring my laptop, but I wanted to play music while I relaxed on my inner tube. I balanced my laptop on the edge of my floaters, not realizing that it was unstable. At one point, I tried to change the song and ended up dropping the phone into the water. I pulled it out immediately, but the damage had already been done.
Unfortunately, there was nothing I could do to fix it. I brought the laptop to a local repair shop, but the worker told me that the water inside the system made it inoperable. I had no choice but to pay through the nose for a new laptop device. I was so angry I almost went postal. I couldn't believe that I had been so clumsy and kicked myself for being such a clutz.
第一次吃的食物
Describe a time when you ate something for the first time
You should say:
What you ate
When you ate it
Where you were
And how you felt about it
When I was ten years old, my father let me try sushi for the first time. I didn't think I'd like it, but I soon discovered that it was to die for. He brought it home for dinner one evening after his boss bought him the meal on the house, so the whole family dug in and got the chance to taste it. That was when I became a lifelong fan of Japanese cuisine. Initially, I was put off by the fact that the fish was raw. However, I decided to give it a shot after my dad talked me into it. Back then, I wasn't a huge fan of cooked fish, so I figured it would be the same with sushi. That's why I was so taken aback when I took the first bite of a rainbow roll. I was hooked as soon as it reached my tongue. The fish was fresh and the presentation was as pretty as a picture.
That experience opened my eyes and made me realize that I shouldn't write things off before I try them. I'll never discover new things if I refuse to step out of my comfort zone, so I shouldn't close myself off to new experiences. Since then, I've discovered my love for various other dishes that I used to think were disgusting.
10
https:// shop62236629.taobao.com

给别人建议
Describe a time when you gave advice to others
You should say:
When it was
To whom you gave the advice
What the advice was
And explain why you gave the advice
My friends often turn to me for advice. Three years ago, my friend, Annie, came to me and asked for my opinion. We have been friends forever and value each other's opinion. She was contemplating moving to Germany and wanted my input.
The day before we met, she called to tell me she had a big decision to make. She asked If we could have coffee and talk it over together. I was intrigued and couldn't wait to hear what she had up her sleeve. When I arrived at the café, she filled me in on all the details. She had been offered a new job in Germany. It was a fantastic opportunity, but she would have to leave all her friends and family. I knew she was in two minds, but I could see she wanted to go. I advised her to go for it and not to think twice about it.
The job in Germany was exactly what Annie needed to get her career off the ground. I knew she would do an amazing job and I didn't want anything to hold her back. I could also see that she felt bad about leaving her friends and that my support and advice would give her the push she needed. In a nutshell, I was chuffed to bits for Annie and glad she came to me for advice.
不喜欢的短途旅行
Describe a short trip you often take but do not like
You should say:
Where you go
When you go there
Why you go there
And explain why you do not like the trip
Going to my aunt and uncle's house in the bane of my existence. I pay them a visit every month to check up on them and make sure they're clean bills of health, but their aggressive personalities always rub me the wrong way. However, I don't have the heart to abandon them, so I put my best face forward and pray that our time goes by quickly.
They live north of my city, and it usually takes a few hours to get there by train. My mother used to see them when she lived closer, but she moved out of town with my dad several years ago. I promised that I'd go see them every once in a while since they were getting on in years and weren't in good health. In my opinion, they're a lot to handle. They're always bickering and at each other's throats, and whenever I come between them I get caught up in their arguments.
11
https:// shop62236629.taobao.com

I'm not the type of person to leave anyone in the dust, so I can't justify abandoning them. However, my patience is running thin and I don't know how much more of their antics I can take. Next time I go, I plan to give them a piece of my mind. I refuse to be treated like a doormat any longer.
野生动物
Describe a time when you got close to wild animals
You should say:
Where you were
What the animals were doing
Who you were with
Whenever I have time on my hands, I usually go hiking at the trail near my apartment. It's nice to get some fresh air and sunshine, especially since I spent most of my days curled up inside. The last time I went out, I crossed paths with a family of deer that were so beautiful they took my breath away.
That time, I decided to go off the beaten path and explore a different part of the forest just to switch things up. I didn't stray too far, however, because I knew I could run into some less than friendly animals if I stepped foot in the wrong area. Fortunately, that didn't happen, but I was still blown away when the deer passed by. They were so close I could have almost touched them. The mother was guiding her young to another part of the forest, perhaps to find food or shelter. I didn't move a muscle so as not to cause them any alarm, and they peacefully passed by after a short standoff.
I was deeply moved by this encounter. In fact, this had a bigger impact on me once I had time to reflect on what happened. I felt that seeing the deer was a good omen for better fortune, especially since they were so calm. I hope to experience this again the next time I go hiking.
许下的承诺
Describe a time you made a promise to someone
You should say:
What the promise was
To whom you made it
Whether it was easy or difficult to keep
Last December, I promised my mom that I would spend time with her on her birthday even though I was buried to my neck at work. Usually, I'm too busy to go home at the end of the year because I have a lot of quotas to meet my boss. In order to stay true to my word, I had to work overtime for a few weeks so that I could tie all my loose ends before taking off for the holiday.
To be honest, that was the most stressed I have been in a very long time. I worked myself to the bone and barely got a wink of sleep every night, plus I had no time on my hands for anything else. I skipped lunch more times
12
1 https:// shop62236629.taobao.com

than I can count and even went hungry for dinner some nights. My boss runs things with an iron fist and he's not very lenient when it comes to deadlines. That's why I had to make sure I kept my nose to the grindstone.
In the end, I was able to finish in the nick of time. I made it by the skin of my teeth, but as soon as I submitted the final document a huge weight lifted off my shoulders. After that, I was free to spend the weekend with my mother and celebrate her special day. I know that me being there meant the world to her.
告诉朋友实情
Describe a time when you told your friend an important truth
You should say:
Who your friend is
What the truth was
What your friend's reaction was
And explain why you think it was important to tell your friend the truth
Telling the truth is never an easy thing to do. About three years ago, my friend, Emily, announced that she was leaving her job to pursue a career in theatre. We had been friends for years and I was shocked to discover what she had planned. I thought that she was making a huge mistake, so I stuck my neck out and told her the truth. Emily and I have been friends since primary school. We have stuck by each other through thick and thin. On the day in question, she told me what she had planned. We have always been honest with each other so I didn't hesitate to tell her the truth. She was expecting me to be supportive, so I had pulled the rug from under her. Even though she was disappointed with my opinion, she was all ears.
I have seen Emily work hard to get to where she is. She is now in a great position and in a job that she loves. I knew that she would hate working in theatre and that she would throw her career down the toilet. It was important to tell her the truth because I knew that no one else would. To sum up, I didn't want her to regret her choice so I needed to speak up and tell the truth.
发挥想象力
Describe a time you needed to use your imagination
You should say:
When it was
Why you needed to use imagination
How difficult or easy it was
And explain how you felt about it
13 https:// shop62236629.taobao.com

There are many times when I have had to use my imagination. However, there is one time that sticks out more than others. It was around two years ago when I was at university. My art teacher had just set us homework to create a world that we would like to live in. I needed to come up with my own ideas and put everything together in a short space of time.
Our teacher wanted us to think outside the box and she wanted us to use our imagination to blow her away. I got my head down and tried to write down a few ideas to get my imagination flowing. I found that by closing my eyes and trying to visualize, it made it easier. Before long, I was flooded with ideas and sketched my first design. It was tough to get started, but once I got in the zone it was easy to put it all together. I had my homework finished days before the deadline.
When the teacher explained the homework to me, I was apprehensive. It was the first time I would have to build something using only my imagination. I had done something similar before, but it was based on other's ideas. However, I was over the moon with the finished design and couldn't believe what I was able to do with jus my imagination.
改变看法
Describe a time when you changed your opinion
You should say:
When it was
What the original opinion was
Why you changed it
Back in the day, I must admit that hip hop music didn't really float my boat. I could never really get into it, even though it's all the rage with other people my age. Hearing it while I was out and about always threw me off, plus I believed it didn't mesh well with my personality. That changed when a friend of mine introduced me to an artist named Missy Elliot. When I listened to her music for the first time, it knocked my socks off.
Prior to my discovery, I didn't know any prominent female hip hop artists. The ones who had made a name for themselves were usually men, and most people wrote off women who tried to get their foot in the door with this industry. I think that's why Missy Elliot became a household name back in the early 2000s. She stood apart from the crowd and brought a new perspective to the music scene; in fact, her debut album took the world by storm. Now, I consider Missy Elliot to be one of my favorite artists. Through her music, I was able to find other hip hop creatives that appealed to me as well. Hip hop has gained a new fan, and I'll be on the lookout for other prominent female artists that also fit my taste.
有趣的谈话
14IELTS)淘宝店:欧美雅思口语


Describe an interesting conversation you had with someone
You should say
What was being discussed
Who did you have the talk with
Why it is interesting
How you felt after talking with that person
My boyfriend and I always have the best conversations. He keeps me on my toes because he constantly challenges my way of thinking and urges me to look at the big picture. For example, we got into a debate the other day about the ethics of eating vegetarian. I argued that eating animals was cruel, but he opened my eyes and made me look at it from another angle.
He's the type of person who could talk your ear off about anything if given the chance, so it came as no surprise to me that he was well versed in plant- based diets. I've been vegetarian for a short time after I decided to turn over a new leaf, and I've been trying to convince him to follow in my footsteps. I mentioned the health benefits of eating vegetarian, but in return, he brought up the poor treatment of people who work in farming. I didn't know this before, but apparently, farmworkers get paid pennies to pick fruits and vegetables.
It dawned on me that there might not be an entirely ethical approach to eating. He helped me get off my high horse and brought me back down to earth, which is something I deeply appreciated. I was grateful that he didn't fling mud at me or cause me to feel guilty about my choices.
喜欢的天气
Describe a weather you like
You should say:
What it is
How often does it occur
What you enjoying doing in that weather
My favorite kind of weather is when it's sunny and warm. That's why I moved to a city where the climate is a spring like year- round. I love hanging out in the great outdoors, so I fit right in here. In fact, I started working out more once I finished moving in. Basically, I turned over a new leaf once I was established.
My town has made a name for itself as one of the most beautiful cities in the world. It only rains every once in a blue moon, and it never gets cold enough to snow. There are several mountain trails around my neighbourhood, so I usually go for a stroll there on my days off. Recently, I've picked up jogging as well so that I can get back into shape. I've had a pretty consistent workout routine since I made myself at home here. That wouldn't have been possible if I stayed in my hometown.
Being in the sun makes me feel as happy as a clam. I have more energy and I almost always wake up on the right side of the bed. Living in freezing temperatures isn't really my cup of tea, so I don't think I'll ever relocate. I've gotten used to the weather and lifestyle here, so uprooting everything would just make me miserable.
15
https:// shop62236629.taobao.com

童年喜欢的玩具
Describe a toy you liked in your childhood
You should say:
What kind of toy it is
When you received it
How you played it
As a child I had many toys growing up. However, my doll, Cricket, will always be my favorite. I was given her for Christmas when I was just seven years old. Cricket was no ordinary doll, she sang and told lots of different stories.
Cricket came with a number of cassettes. They could be inserted in her back and she did numerous things. When the stories started you could follow along with the books provided. She would read the stories and play the sound effects as well. However, the best thing about Cricket was that she taught me how to speak French. Whenever I inserted the French tape, Cricket taught me how to count and I even learnt a few songs in French.
I used to play with her all the time and I would never part with her. In fact, playing with Cricket sparked my interest in languages. When I started learning French in primary school, I picked it up quickly. I was miles ahead my other classmates and always got top marks in my exams. I believe that my success in French was all down to Cricket as I played with her a lot when I was young. All in all, Cricket played a role in my education and I was chuffed to bits to receive her as a gift.
对家庭重要的东西
Describe a thing that is important to your family
You should say:
What it is
What it does
Why it is important for you and your family
How you might feel once you got it from your family
For generations, my family has passed down framed portraits of our ancestors. They've been with my parents for over a century, so they mean the world to us and are more precious than gold. We want to keep the memory of them alive, so it's of utmost importance to make sure they are kept in good condition.
I've known these portraits like the back of my hand ever since I was a babe in arms. My parents hung them up around our house while I was growing up, and when I asked them about the paintings they told me the story of my great-great-grandparents. Apparently, they were well renowned traditional medicine doctors that saved countless lives during their time. I was blown away when I heard about the things they accomplished in their lives. Actually, listening to their stories inspired me to follow in their footsteps and go into medicine myself, although I'm sure I won't hold a candle to them.
16IELTS 淘宝店：欧美雅思口语
https: L/shop62236629.taobao.com

My mom called me a chip off the old block when I said I wanted to become a doctor. This may be true since we were all cut from the same cloth. Someday, I'm going to come into possession of these portraits and have the responsibility of guarding them for safekeeping, When I graduate from medical school, I plan to hang these paintings in my office.
买到开心的东西
Describe a thing that you bought and felt pleased about
You should say:
What you bought
Where you bought it
What it is for
For my birthday last year Idecided to treat myself to something special. Ihad been eyeing up a smartwatch for a while and decided to bite the bullet.
As my birthday is just after Christmas, I managed to find a great deal online. Ihad high hopes for 计t, but never managed to find out how useful it would turn out to be.
I bought the smartwatch to help me get fit. I was exercising a lot and wanted to track my steps and my calories.
I compared all the best brands on the market and eventually settled on a Huawei. When the watch arrived, put 让 on Immediately. It has rarely left my wrist ever since. Wearing it all day means I can see how many calories ] burn and even how well I am sleeping in the evenings. HIowever, the best thing about it is that Ican use a button to find my phone.
There are many reasons why I am pleased with my purchase. On the one hand, Ihave been able to lose weight as the watch encourages me to move and set goals for myself. I also love that the find my phone button is there.
frequently leave my phone lying around and can never find it. However, now that I have the Watch that is DO longer a problem.
完美的工作
Describe a perfect job you would like to have in the future
You should say:
What it is
How you knew it
What it is like
And explain why you think it is perfect
It has taken me a few years to figure out what job would be perfect for me. In fact, Ihave tried my hand at many things. However, a few years ago, my friend told me about a computer class he was taking. It piqued my interest and I decided to tag along. It was there I discovered my talent for coding and I would love to be a web
17IELTS 淘宝店：欧美雅思口语


developer in the near future.
A web developer is someone who not only builds websites from seratch, but they can access the code and solve any problems that arise. You have to have a solid knowledge of HTML and CSS. It can seem like a foreign language at first but once you get the hang of it, it becomes second nature. a As a web developer, you can change the design and the functions of a website all at the touch of a button.
When I first tried to code, I felt lost. However, with practice it has become easier and easier. I love figuring out problems and as a web developer you have to solve many every day. I also love that get to build something and see the pieces come together. "o sum up, being a web developer is something that I am passionate about and Ihope to set the wheels in motion soon.
现场体育比赛
Describe a live sport match that you have watched
You should say:
What t was
When you watched t
What it was like
A few weekends agO, [ watched a soccer match that kept me on the edge of my seat. I scored tickets through a radio competition, SO didn't have to Pay a dime.] thanked my lucky stars because it ended up being a game for the books.
Usually, team sports aren' t really my cup of tea. I find most games to be as dull as dirt and never focus too much on the outcome. However, being able to see the players up close and personal instead of watching them On TV was a completely different experience. The crowd was full of enthusiasm, so got a bit riled up even though I'm typically more reserved. By the time the first half was over, Ihad practically lost my voice from all the screaming. Iwasn't necessarily rooting for one team Or the other, but] was hoping that the underdog would cause a big upset. My wish came true when one of the star players scored a goal at the last minute, right in the nick of time. The crowd went wild and people were acting like they lost their minds. Ihad never seen anything like it in my life. If the opportunity presents itself to me again, I'd definitely want to watch another live match again.
教别人的技能
Describe a skill that you think you can teach other people
You should say:
What it is
When you learned it
How you can teach others
And how you feel about this skill
18IELTS 淘宝店：欧美雅思口语
https: L/shop62236629.taobao.com

I have been playing chess ever since ] was five years old. In fact, everyone in my home can play it well. My father is a teacher and runs the chess club at school. He was the one who introduced me to it and he used to sit with me for hours going over the rules. My father passed down his knowledge to me and I feel that Icould teach someone the ins and outs of the game t0o.
The object of the game is simple enough, you have to checkmate your opponent's king. However, throughout the game you have to think ahead and try to anticipate your opponent's next move. It can take time to perfect your strategy and a lot of patience to just lear the game. Inearly threw in the towel several times whenI played with my father. But he sat with me every evening and helped me get my head around it.
As I have been playing chess for many years, 1 am confident in my ability. Learning chess taught me how to be patient and I think this will help me iI were to teach it to others. In fact, Ihave already taught my best friend to
play. She is a great player and even on the school chess team.
无聊的经历
Describe a time when you felt bored
You should say:
When it was
Who you were with
What you were doing
And explain why you felt bored
Last time that my family got together for a reunion, I found myself bored stiff when got stuck chatting with my younger cousin. He isjust twelve years old and has a bit of a one-track mind, which can be hard to deal with when you are the only person he wants to chat with.
Most of our family had decided to go outside to get some fresh air. Since we are the youngest in our family, we were asked to pick up after the meal. I didn't mind the cleaning, but it did become a real chore to listen to my
cousin. He is slightly obsessed with basketball, so he immediately started to chat about his favorite team. At first, I humored the conversation by engaging with him. However, after about an hour of listening to basketball stats and his chatter about professional players, I was ready to tune out.
Ihave never really been much of a sports fan, which is why this conversation didn't appeal to me. However, I also find it hard to have a conversation with someone who doesn't actually listen to the person he is speaking to. Due to these factors, I found this conversation very frustrating and found myself counting the minutes until was able to walk away fromit.
19IELTS 淘宝店：欧美雅思口语


排长长的队
Describe a time you had to wait in line (queue up) for a long time.
You should say:
When it Was
Where you were
Why you were there
And how you felt about it
Last December, I went to a supermall near my home to do some necessary shopping. Ispent almost 45 minutes to pick up all the essentialitems and the number of items was more than usual! Then. approached to the checkout point of the mall. While shopping, I noticed that many people were shopping and most of them were shopping for the Christmas and New Year celebration. Due to this, the crowd seemed a bit larger than usual. However, as
soon as I reached near the checkout point, I was overwhelmed.I had no idea how large the queue in this shopping mall could be.
There were more than 5 checkout points but each of those was surprisingly crowded. I could not decide which queue to stand in! Strangely was people behind me was forcing to go ahead and I had no other alternative but to stand in the nearest queue.I actually counted the number of people who were also waiting in my queue ahead Of me.
After waiting for 40 minutes, I got very annoyed as it seemed the queue ever move. It's irritating and tough to
wait for such a long hours in a large queue. As soon as got back to my car and started the engine, I felt much better and I was happy to finally have my shopping done.
发挥想象力
Describe a time you needed to use your imagination
You should say:
When it was
Why you needed to use imagination
How difficult or easy it was
And explain how you felt about t
There are many times when I have had to use my imagination. However, there is one time that sticks out more than others. It was around two years ago when was at university. My art teacher had just set us homework to create a world that we would like to live in. I needed to come uP with my own ideas and put everything
together in a short space of time.
Our teacher wanted us to think outside the box and she wanted us to use our imagination to blow her away.
got my head down and tried to write down a few ideas to get my imagination flowing, I found that by closing
my eyes and trying to visualize, it made it easier. Before long, I was flooded with ideas and sketched my first
design. It was tough to get started, but once got in the zone tt was easy to put i all together. I had my homework finished days before the deadline.
20


When the teacher explained the homework to me, I was apprehensive. It was the first time I would have to build something using only my imagination. I had done something similar before, but it was based on other's ideas. However, I was over the moon with the finished design and couldn't believe what I was able to do with jus my imagination.
鼓励别人做不愿做的事
Describe a time when you encouraged someone to do something that she/he didn't want to do.
You should say:
Who he or she is
What you encouraged him/her to do
How she/he reacted
And explain why you encouraged him/her to do it
I want to share the story in which I encourage my friend Sophie to improve her communication skills. She is a very open person who expresses any feedback very bluntly, even if it's bad feedback. And she thinks that this is an excellent spirit and doesn't want to change it. I have experienced her straightforward nature many times. I know that she intends to help and not to insult, but many times other people and I get offended due to this. For example, once I spent two hours making a cake as a birthday gift, I asked her opinion. She commented that it tasted so so and looked like shit.
Hence, I encourage her to learn how to give constructive feedback with Sandwich feedback technique, so that her feedback could sound more acceptable. More specifically. With this technique, she could start by giving a positive, encouraging statement. Follow that with constructive criticism, and then offer some more positive words. The positive statements are the "bread" of the sandwich, and the criticism is the "filling".
And I think it was essential for her to learn this. Firstly, I am her best friend, and I have to help her be a better person. Secondly, she could better understand other people's feelings, avoid her feedback falling on deaf ears, and improve her communication skill. She felt happy that I shared this technique with her.
禁用手机的场合(new)
Describe an occasion when you were not allowed to use your mobile phone
You should say:
When it was
Where it was
Why you were not allowed to use your mobile phone
And how you felt about it
I have been asked to turn my phone off many times. The most recent occasion was on a flight to London. It was around six months ago and all of the passengers on board were asked to turn their phones off and put them away for the entire flight.
21


When you board any flight, signs are instructing you to turn off your phone and other devices. The airline staff also reiterate these instructions before the plane takes off. The reason using your phone on a plane is not allowed is because it can interfere with communication between the pilot and flight control. If passengers were to use their phone on the flight, then the pilot might miss an important message, or flight control might not receive communication from the pilot very well.
I've taken many flights so I was well aware that I wouldn't be able to use my phone on the flight. I think knowing in advance allowed me to prepare for it. I brought other things to entertain me and I wasn't upset that I had to turn my phone off. In brief, turning your phone off on a flight shouldn't come as a shock and it didn't bother me at all.
智力游戏(new)
Describe a(jigsaw, crossword, etc) puzzle you have played
You should say:
What it is like
How easy or difficult it is
How long it takes you to solve
And how you fell about it
。
When I was growing up, I did jigsaw puzzles with my grandmother. It was a big part of my childhood, but I haven't done jigsaw puzzles for a few years. About a month ago, my grandmother sent me a jigsaw puzzle of a Koala Bear and I thought I'd start on it. It had one thousand pieces, so I was slightly intimidated before I started. To put the jigsaw together, I put all of the pieces face up on the table. I then separated the edge pieces and put them to one side. After that, I sorted the pieces of the jigsaw into colors. This was probably the hardest part as a lot of the colors were similar. With all the pieces sorted, I could finally start putting it together. I spent about one hour nightly on it and it took about a week for me to complete the puzzle.
When I first started putting it together, I became a little frustrated. However, as it began to take shape, I became excited. I felt a great sense of accomplishment completing the jigsaw puzzle. I was able to spend a lot of time on it as the UK was in lockdown. However, under normal circumstances, I don't think I'd have that amount of time. To summarize, I loved putting the jigsaw puzzle together, but it's not a hobby that I'll be undertaking anytime soon.
环保法律(new)
22


Describe a law on environmental protection
You should say:
What it is
How you first learned about it
Who benefits from it
And explain how you feel about this law
In recent years, the UK has introduced many environmental protection laws. The most recent laws being introduced have targeted plastic. It stated that plastic cutlery would no longer be available from restaurants and takeouts. They also wouldn't be available to buy from the shops.
Our landfills, seas, and landscapes are filled with plastic. It takes hundreds of years for it to degrade and it's a nuisance in all parts of the world. Alaw like this is a step in the right direction. Future generations will benefit from it as there will be less plastic for them to deal with. Marine life will also benefit from it. A lot of the plastic ends up in our seas and oceans and it can harm much of the marine life living there.
I was happy to hear the news. I feel like the government is starting to pay more attention to the environment and I was very happy to see them do something. While I think more can be done, I'm pleased that at least some action is being taken. In short, the recent environmental protection law introduced by the British Government will benefit the people of the country and the animals living in the sea. I'm proud that they are taking steps to protect the environment and I hope they continue to do so.
当地新闻(new)
Describe a piece of local news that people are interested in
You should say:
What it was about
Where you saw /heard it
Who was involved
And explain why people were interested in
Nowadays, there is very little news other than news of the pandemic. However, about a month ago one news article made the headlines in the local community. The news was about a new community hall that was to be opened after lockdown. I heard about it from my neighbors but most people read the article in the newspaper. The community that I live in has been trying to get local politicians to approve the construction of a new community hall. They distributed a petition and many of the residents in the area signed it. After they collected all of the signatures, they forwarded them to the mayor of the town. It was on the agenda for the next local meeting and everyone on the council agreed that it was a great idea and would improve the community.
A new community hall will provide a base for a range of activities. The area where I live is a rural area and it
23 TELTS 淘宝店：欧美雅思口语
https: L/shop62236629.taobao.com

can be difficult for people to attend activities a few miles away. The residents wanted a special place for people to come together and the residents pushed harder for it after the pandemic hit. It reminded everyone how important community is and that we should try to enhance it. Overall, the news of the new community hall was a direct result of all the hard work of the residents.
想提升的天赋 (new)
Describe a natural talent (sport, music ete) you want to improve
You should say:
What it is
When you discovered it
How you want to improve it
And how you feel about it
WhenIwasin primary school, I was part of the school choir. Iloved to sing and Ibelieve thatI was a good singer. However, when I went to high school, I didn't join the choir and I stopped trying to improve my singing. You always need to practice to improve and, before high school, always wanted to improve my singing:
Don't get me wrong, I sing every day. However, I want to be able to hit a full range of notes. To hit notes that you cannot reach means that you have to prepare your voice and do daily exercises. It's a lot to undertake and it can consume a lot of time.
truly want to achieve these notes as there are a few songs that I'd love to sing perfectly, but at the moment they are out of my range.
I think it will take lot of hard work to get the results that I want. However, I'm determined to do it. I believe that you can do anything that you set your mind to and I intend to prove it. Singing the songs I want will give me a feeling of great achievement, as love to sing. In short, Ihope that I can improve my singing with practice and hard work and I'm excited to get started.
微笑的场合 （new）
Describe an occasion when many people were smiling
You should say:
When it happened
Who you were with
What happened
And explain why many people were smiling
Weddings are always happy occasions. They're the perfect setting to bring people together and celebrate the happiness of a special couple. About three years ago, Iattended my cousin's wedding. The ceremony was held
24 TELTS 淘宝店：欧美雅思口语
https: L/shop62236629.taobao.com

at hotel just outside the city and I went with my family. It was a great a day and many people were smiling, especially as my cousin walked down the aisle.
The ceremony started at around two o'clock in the afternoon. When we arrived at the hotel many guests were already there. We were shown to our seats and about fifteen minutes later the music began to play. Everyone got to their feet and watched my cousin walk down the aisle. As soon as she appeared, everyone was smiling and the people continued to smile throughout the ceremony. The people with the biggest smiles were the parents of the bride and groom.
People at the ceremony were smiling for many different reasons. My cousin looked very beautiful in her dress and she was also a picture of happiness. My cousin and her now-husband had been together for many years. Their parents had given up hope of a wedding, so the day was a very special day for them too. In short, my cousin's wedding was a great day and the guests all had happy smiles.
生活计划(new）
Describe plan in your life (that is not related to work or study)
You should say:
What it is about
Why you make it
What you need to do first
And explain how would feel if it is successful
For as long as can remember, I've wanted to travel the world.
After got married and had children, I had to
postpone all my travel plans. lalways thought Id do it later. When the pandemic struck and we all had to stay at home, I started to rethink my plans.
As did the rest of the world, the UK went into lockdown to control the spread of the virus. During that time, spent a long time thinking about my life and what I wanted to do with it. I realized that life is too short to wait for things to happen, so I started to make plans to travel.
got a map and looked for the best possible route to
travel across the globe. It'll take a lot of a money as plan on traveling for a few years. However, Ill have the time to save as wait for the rest of the world to open its borders.
As this has been my dream and plan since was a little girl, I can't imagine how I'd feel if I went ahead with it. think I'd feel at peace and very elated that got to fulfill my dream. In short, I hope that travel will open uP Soon, SO can put my plan into action.
健康文章(new）
25IELTS 淘宝店：欧美雅思口语


Describe an article on health you read on magazine or the internet
You should say:
What it was
Where you read it
Why you read it
And how you felt about t
There are many articles about health that are available to read online. When I was surfing the a web a few weeks ago, saw an article that attracted my attention. The article was about the importance of sleep and the effect that i can have on our lives. I don't usually read articles, but I read this one from beginning to end.
Before Iread the article, was having trouble sleeping. I was going to bed late and waking up early. I was tired most of the time, but Iignored the other effects I was suffering from. The introduction drew me in right away as 计 explained all of the possible side effects of not getting good night's sleep.
continued to read t and I was
troubled by what I read.
Needless to say, I was shocked by what I read. A lot of the symptoms that it listed were things that I was suffering from. However, thought they were just something else. When ] got to the end of the article, I was feeling better.
was determined to get a good night's sleep and see if it would help me.
In the end, reading the article
about the importance of sleep led me to reexamine my sleeping habits.
朋友的争执 (new)
Describe an argument two of your friends had
You should say:
When it happened
What it was about
How it was solved
And how you felt about t
My friends and I like to spend time together. One of our favorite things to do is to go out for dinner. However, this can sometimes pose challenges, as we don't all have the same taste. A few years ago, my friends and I had agreed to meet one Saturday evening for dinner. The dinner nearly didn't happen as my friends got into an argument about where to eat.
My friend, Rebekah, wanted to eat at a new restaurant that had recently opened. Julie, on the other hand, wanted to eat at our favorite restaurant. The argument lasted for days and they both went back and forth on the matter. was starting to lose hope in having dinner together. However, the day before we were to gO, they reached a compromise. After speaking on the phone, they decided to try the new restaurant that week and our favorite restaurant the following week.
When both of my friends were arguing, I didn't get involved. They re both headstrong so it wasn't an unusual
26IELTS 淘宝店：欧美雅思口语
https: L/shop62236629.taobao.com

situation. I knew they'd sort it out and there was
need for me tO get involved. However, they didn't reach
a compromise until the last possible moment that time, SO was relieved when they finally agreed. In short, my friends are both similar and often argue but there's no need to panic as they always sort it out in the end.
分享 (new)
Describe a time when you shared something with others (or another person)
You should say:
What you shared
Who you share it with t
Why you shared it
And explain how you felt about sharingt
Ialways think it's important to share what we have Or know with others. A few years ago, my colleague forgot to bring her lunch to work and she didnt have time to gO to the local restaurant either. We had a long day ahead of us and didn't want her tO go hungry. Ihad brought a big lunch with me so offered to share it with her.
Going an entire day without lunch can make the day seem longer. Ididn't want to see her go hungry as it could affect her work. I also had enough food for two people. I felt it would've been selfish to eat it all myself and see someone else go hungry. I know that she would' ve done the same for me too.
I felt good sharing my lunch with her. In fact, as we were sharing the food, we started talking. I din't know her that well to start with, SO this allowed us to get to know each other better. I was surprised by how much we had in common and we became great friends. In brief, was glad that I shared my lunch with my colleague asit was a great opportunity for us to learn more about each other.
海边活动 (new)
Describe a leisure activity near /on the sea that you want to try
You should say:
What it is
What you need to prepare
How easy Or difficult it is
And explain why you want to try it
One of the best surfing locations in the UK is about an hour's drive from my home. The Atlantic Ocean makes giant wanes and surfers from all over the country gO there. I've always had an interest in surfing and have to wanted to try it. Ihope that can put a plan in place and try it one day.
There are a few things that I need to get organized before I try surfing: Ineed to improve my swimming as it can
27 TELTS 淘宝店：欧美雅思口语
https: L/shop62236629.taobao.com

be dangerous in the rough waves. Ialso have to get the right equipment. The water is bitter cold so Tll need a wetsuit to keep me warm. Il also have to practice on land first. Surfing is difficult and it's easy to fall off your board. However, practice makes perfect, so I just need to keep practicing.
I grew up watching people surf on TV and in movies. They always looked so happy on their boards and it looked thrilling as the surfers caught the waves. Secretly, I've always thought that I'd be great at it too.
have good
balance and Ihope that Y1 be a natural. In summary, surfing is something that I've always wanted to try and] hope that one day will have the opportunity.
帮助朋友 (new）
Describe a time when you helped a friend
You should say:
When it was
How you helped him/her
Why you helped him /her
And how you felt about it
My friend, Rebekah and I are very close. We have been friends for the past ten years. We' re always there for each other in times of need too. About a month ago, she called me and asked me to help her move. She was planning to move to a new home and needed help packing and unpacking at the new house.
When Rebekah asked me to help her, I said yes, right away. Whenever I need help, she’s the first person I call. She has helped me many times before, so was quite happy to return the favor. Moving is a big job and I knew that another pair of hands could half the time she spent packing
was glad that Rebekah had asked me to help her. In my opinion, it's great to have someone you can rely On
when you need some help. Moving doesn't sound that exciting but I was pleasantly surprised at how well we did.
We both had a great time chatting together and going through old photos and memories. In short, I was very happy that my friend had asked me to help her and I had a great time doing it.
雇佣很多员工的公司 (new)
28IELTS 淘宝店：欧美雅思口语


sscribe a company where you live that employs a lot of people
You should say:
What it does
How many people it employs
What kind of people work here
How you feel about it
In the UK there are many businesses, both large and small. Where] live in the UK there is one company that has been around for a Iong time. The company is called Bombardier Shorts and many people from all over the country work there. In fact, it employs around 3,600 employees.
Bombardier Shorts is a factory that primarily manufactures parts for the aerospace industry. It has been in business since the 1960s but has changed ownership a few times. Bombardier is the largest aircraft manufacturer in the world. Bombardier Shorts is a vital part of the economy of Northern Ireland. The majority of the people who work there are skilled laborers. However, the company is also hiring office workers and they have various other departments such as Human Resources and an IT department.
My father worked at the factory many years ago. Everyone in Northern Ireland knows about it and it's very special a to us. In a way, the company has put Northern Ireland on the map and I'm very proud that it's part of
our community. In short, Bombardier Shorts is a very old company that has many ties to the community in
Northern Ireland. Everyone who lives here is aware of the company and respects what thas done for the country.喜欢的电影 (new)
Describe a movie that you like
You should say:
When you watched it
Where you watched it
What it was about
And explain why you lke it
I love to watch movies when I have some free time. A few weeks ago, I watched a film at home with my family.
It was a Sunday evening and we chose a film to watch on Prime TV. We all agreed to watch the film, Greenland. We put some popcorn in the microwave and settled on the sofa to watch it.
The film was a natural disaster movie about a comet that was on course to hit Earth. It centered around a family that was trying to a find a way to survive. The family was chosen as one of the families that would be flown to Greenland to stay in underground bunkers until it was safe to leave. However, due to circumstances out of their control, they couldn'tget on the flight. The family had to overcome many different obstacles while they had to make the trip to Greenland themselves.
I love disaster movies and this fllm was no different. I loved that it didn't have the same storyline as many of
29 TELTS 淘宝店：欧美雅思口语
https: L/shop62236629.taobao.com

the others I've watched. My favorite actor, Gerard Butler, also starred in it. The movie had a good ending and it kept me filled with suspense throughout. Overall, the movie was the perfect choice for a quiet night in and everyone in my family enjoyed it.
做手工 (new）
Describe an art or craft activity (e.g. painting, woodwork, ete) that you had (at school)
You should say:
What you made
How you made it
What it looked like
And how you felt about the activity
going to school, we had an art class twice a week. Iloved going to art class as it was an opportunity When was
for us to do something different. Our teacher always had new ideas and she was always creating new ways for
us to express ourselves. One of the activities that I remember most is the time we used chalk to draw a sunset. At the start of the class, our teacher gave us an A4 piece of black paper. She then gave us all different colored
chalk. She allowed us to draw whatever we wanted but let us look at some other paintings for inspiration.
decided to draw a sunset. First, Idrew a beach and then I concentrated on the colors of the sunset. I used a mix of reds, oranges, and yellows. The chalk was easy to work with and was able to blend the colors together.
ended up with a picture of an amazing sunset over a beautiful sandy beach.
Ihave to say that I loved the activity very much. It was the first time that Ihad used chalk in this way and I was
very happy with what I was able to achieve. To summarize, making the sunset picture with the chalk was a great experience and it was truly memorable.
社交媒体趣事 (new)
Describe a time you saw something interesting on social media
You should say:
When it was
Where you saw it
What you saw
And explain why you think it was interesting
In today's world, most people get their news on social media. It's also a great place to learn about people all over the world. A few months ago, as was browsing on Facebook, I saw a video that was posted by a woman who works and lives in a town close to the Arctic circle.
The woman wasn't from the town originally but she had been living there for over six months. She was showing
30IELTS 淘宝店：欧美雅思口语


what life was like there in the winter and how it was dark all day and it was freezing cold outside. The video showed her walking to work in the morning and it was extremely dark outside. She also showed viewers around her home and what she did to keep warm. One of the most interesting things about the video was watching the woman walking with a torch day and night.
I thought it was interesting because I couldn't imagine what it would be like to live in a place with no sunlight. I wondered how she felt and if it affected her sleep or mood in any way.  It was also amazing to see that people could adapt to living in different parts of the world.  In summary, it was interesting to learn about a place far away and I was very excited to see it pop up on my social media feed.
不太成功的经历（new）
Describe a time when you tried to do something but was not very successful
You should say:
When it was
What you tried
Why it was not very successful
And how you felt about it
I would like to share the experience when I got rejected from my dream company.
I've always wanted to work at TikTok, and so I applied for an intern position last summer. Following that,I researched potential questions online, read company news, and prepared responses for each keyword in the job descriptions. I made a 30-page note that included every possible detail that the interviewer might ask. The whole recruitment process included 3 rounds of interviews and I thought it went well.
However, I didn't get the offer at the end. It's a feeling I'll never forget, after checking my email that morning I had about a dozen unread messages. Ill be damned if I knew what the fuss was about, then I saw it was the notification that I didn't get an offer from my dream company TikTok.The HR said that they had to choose another candidate and thanked me for my application. I was more than a little disappointed. After that, I went through every mistake I made, from what I answered during the interview to when I first applied for the role. But then I realized that I am not too far off from what they are looking for. I may not have gotten this offer, but I am not giving up!
街市购物（new）
Describe a time you bought something from a street (or outdoor) market
You should say:
When it was
Where the market was
What you bought
And how you felt about it
31IELTS 淘宝店：欧美雅思口语


You know when you feel like you hit the jackpot? That happened to me when I found the street market last month. I was surprised to find the prices of the strawberries in the street market were way cheaper than in the supermarket. My country has so many street markets that it's easy to find anything I might need. I went to one last month when visiting a small town in my country. The decoration in the street market was normal and there were lots of people visiting, but it's great that I found meats, clothes, and cheap strawberries. I came across a vendor selling the strawberries for a price that was much cheaper than in supermarkets, so I bought a box.
To be honest, I didn't expect strawberries in the market to be as good as the ones at the store, so I was pleased and surprised when they turned out to be better. After that, I fell in love with the streets. It's the great thing about the market that you can get almost anything in almost any quantity and for almost nothing, with just a few dollars. I was happy to give my financial support to the local economy because of this; additionally, it employs many people.
32