- 第一题
	- 题目
		- A rise in the standard of living in a country often only seems to benefit cities rather than rural areas. What problems might this difference cause? How might these problems be reduced?
	- 范文
		- There has been a significant rise in living standards of people in many countries, such as better education quality and smaller income disparity. However, it seems that such improvements are mostly enjoyed by urban dwellers rather than those living in the countryside, which, in my opinion, will result in many undesirable outcomes for both cities and rural areas.
		-   As urban lives keep becoming increasingly appealing, a large number of people will be drawn to cities either in search of more employment opportunities or seeking superior health care. This will definitely pose tremendous pressure on both locals and newcomers of big cities, such as rising living costs, frustrating traffic congestion, and intense competition for jobs.
		-   As for rural areas, the problems caused are also significant. To be specific, there will be a severe shortage of labour force working in the agricultural industry, with too many people migrating from villages to towns and cities. As a result, farming land would be left uncultivated and crop yields would significantly decline, possibly followed by a rise in food prices nationwide.
		-   I think, therefore, that measures should be taken to narrow the gap of life quality between urban and rural areas. Firstly, tax reduction and exemption could be a possible solution to the problem of labour drain. In other words, both individuals and businesses will choose to stay if there is such a favorable (preferential) policy. Secondly, the government could also make people willing to stay where they were born and grew up by improving local living conditions, such as budgeting more money towards education and health services.
		-   In conclusion, the problems caused by the disparity between cities and villages are concerning people of both places. They can only be solved if the government takes more responsibility for closing the gap.