# 结构
- ## 第一段：
- ## 第二段：
	- Overall
		- #### 两幅图给出变化 
			- 1.以下两幅图给出了…的布置
			- 2.在以前
			- 3.在过去
			- 4.总体的来说，变化怎么样 
			- 也要给出总结段
- ## 第三段： 
- ## 第四段：

# 要点

- 
# 句型积累
- #### 句型 
	- a rectangular area with access from Arnold Avenue on the north side and from Eldon Street on the south side. 
	- There wasa a sth in the centre ,with a B situated centre left
	- in the north east corner opposite 
	- Around the edges of 
	- The park has altered considerably since then. 
	- has also been replaced 
	- has gone and in its places is a
	- Despite the apparently significant changes, the park retains the basic elements of …,with the addition of ..
	- travel by car.
	- would be able to accommodate a lot of car parking.
	- offer more advantages. 
- #### 可能用到的表达
	- Compare thelayout of … 
	- It is clear that the main change for..
	- The main differenc
# 范文

- ## 第一题：
	- 题目C14 T4
	- 范文
		- Grange Park was opened in 1920, a rectangular area with access from Arnold Avenue on the north side and from Eldon Street on the south side. There was a fountain in the centre在中间, with a stage for musicians situated centre left, （左中-三句并列介词短语）a glasshouse to the right of the Eldon Street entrance（入口右侧） and a pond for water plants in the north east corner opposite. （它对面东北角）Around the edges of the park there were rose gardens, 倒装状从 with seats nearby for people to smell the flowers and listen to music.
		- The park has altered considerably since then. Now there is one large-ish rose garden, occupying the central area where the fountain stood, and with seats all around it. One of the smaller rose gardens remains on the north side of the park. The bandstand (stage for musicians) has also been replaced, by an amphitheatre for concerts and associated seating. The glasshouse has gone and in its places is a water feature; similarly, where the pond for water plants stood there is now a children's play area with a café nearby. Access to the park is still via the two original but there is now a third entrance near the water feature from an underground car park.
		- Despite the apparently significant changes, the park retains the basic elements of flowers, water, seating and music, with the addition of a café and a children's play area.
- ## 第二题
	- 题目
		- C5 T3(地图题)
	- 范文
		- The map below is of the town of Garlsdon. A new supermarket (S) is planned for the town. The map shows two possible sites for the supermarket.
		- The map shows two proposed locations (S1 and S2) for a new supermarket for the town of Garlsdon.
		- The first potential location (S1) is outside the town itself and is sited just off the main road to the town of Hindon, lying 12 kms to the north-west. This site is in the countryside and so would be able to accommodate a lot of car parking. This would make it accessible to shoppers from both Hindon and Garlsdon who could travel by car. As it is close to the railway line linking the two towns of Cransdon (25 kms to the south-east), a large number of shoppers would also be able to travel by train.
		- In contrast, the suggested location, S2, is right in the town centre, which would be good for local residents. Theoretically the store could be accessed by road or rail from the surrounding towns, including Bransdon, but as the central area is a no-traffic zone, cars would be unable to park and access would be difficult.
		- Overall, neither site is appropriate for all the towns, but for customers in Cransdon, Hindon and Garlsdon, the out-of-town site (S1) would probably offer more advantages.